---
id: tlifo8lg5le1llxel16wvwl
title: Observations
desc: ''
updated: 1654089765100
created: 1652472310526
---

- Our Team Norms discussion had to be pushed back to next week and I wanted to discuss our cadence and restructuring our sprint, we definitely need to make our Sprints more structured.

- We will have a toooon of carry over into the next Sprint, which is what I was worried about, however there doesn't seem to be any consequences right now

- Sam our PO has been super busy and has not made many of our meetings, so I'm going to discuss with our BA about this and see how much of an issue he thinks it is

- Build relationship with PO, interest in their interests and my interests
  - Keep positive, "Here are the good things that will happen when you attend"
  - Try to be an ally
- Sync with Chirayu
- Keep notes in *private* for when the PO has been there, etc. monitor trends

---
Advice from Dan
- For carry over, this is common, which my teams still struggle with
- I would advise you to keep track of your sprint plans, and note what was carried over each sprint. At least you capture the baseline data and can track trends over time
- Like, how many cards were planned into the sprint, how many were added/removed, done/carried over
- Since this is your first sprint, I would focus on continuing to make observations, keep them organized in notes (like you did above), to help document the baseline time health (such as with carry over)
- Don’t stress too much about having to fix everything now. Take an assessment of the current state, and then plan small iterative  improvements
---
- Seems like Hieu is approaching Jira from a development stand point. Where as I'm looking at it from a user's stand point
  - What are workflows used for in Jira?
    - Maybe this will answer the Defintion of Done
  - There seems to be a difference between "Stories" and "User Stories" 
  - Doesn't seem we want stories to have "As a, I want, so that"
    - Hieu referred to this as the "whys"
- Scott is feeling a little lost about what his role is
- As trust is being built, as the team makes decisions they think the PO will like, is that okay to share those with the PO later? And do we put a clause in that states the PO trusts us to make decisions and when something comes up that needs changed then it needs to be documented, discussed and prioritized just like all other work
- It was noted that it would have been good to have PO in the "QC Page MVP UI Design" meeting
  - However they were not invited
- Work with Hieu on deflecting PO's "tasks" to Scott

![](/assets/images/2022-05-24-16-27-33.png)
- Marianne is our SME, she is not the PO
- Sam is our PO but her time is not dedicated
- Get Scott and Marianne some agile training, user stories 
- The pieces need some influence
- We need to re-write stories and they need to be better defined
- Understand people's strengths
  - Don't make meetings that show people's weaknesses or give them an opportunity to look silly

- all of Wednesday or Thursday next week
  - Redefine features
  - Mural to Jira
  - Marianne (Business) has given us what's needed 
  - Don't make Marianne write the stories, she can see them, she is the stakeholder
  - Sam wants to do an all day workshop, morning writing, afternoon show Marianne
- BA wants to not have the UX and developer present it helps him do his job

- Are people not putting cameras on because they are doing other work? This should be okay but the exception

- Team alignment attendance
  - We need everyone there for the meetings
  - There are many people not in this Retro, we need to hear from them
  - Consistency is needed 
  - We need to understand the allocation of Sam and Marianne

