---
id: r4fb3w26bxuo5qs67k1tvek
title: '1554'
desc: ''
updated: 1649955451774
created: 1646859537191
---

### Previous Meeting
[[salesforce.1-on-1s.2022.01.13]]

### Topics
- 
    - @people.Sarat's time will be limited
    - Platform limit problem, working with Vasanth
    - @people.Kate will be working on presentation for Rajesh, high level overview of Service by beginning of April
        - I may be pulled in to help out, keep the *focus on the user*
    - @people.Sarat and @people.Tao, have them work on a card and automate 
- Skilling
    - Can I do a 1-on-1 meet and greet with Dave's assignees
        - Explain my role, help them network
        - How do I interact with the BA role
        - How do I interact with Rally or some other tool as a QA tester
        - @people.Igor, @people.Heryma
            - Will reach out and do scheduling
- Interviews
    - Have good answers for why I'm doing multiple roles
- Security Training
    - Keep an eye out, after the yellow belt, do I need the green belt? Make sure it's value-add

- Miscellaneous
    - If I'm not needed in a meeting, drop out and work on stuff
    - "Feedback is a gift" - SZ

    - Focus on the good things people are doing and give kudos, give honest feedback
    - Think about discussing agile with Chip having a powwow
