---
id: 1mb3350di2com541vktnube
title: '27'
desc: ''
updated: 1653674627626
created: 1653672400341
---

### Previous Meeting
[[touch-points.with-chirayu.2022.05.20]]

- He likes the removal of the sub-tasks
- We need to get a Sprint Goal
  - Next Sprint, we should have Dev, QA envs set up and can be deployed
  - Following Sprint should be for QA testing

- Maybe we don't have to automate the workflow
- Chirayu, to book meeting with Matt and will include Suresh and myself
- PO, Tester gaps have been communicated
- We need to assess where we are at 