---
id: tefrhc4css7w7libbfazb3m
title: '21'
desc: ''
updated: 1658522790335
created: 1658426651735
---

### Previous

[[June 28 Touch Point|touch-points.with-matt.2022.06.28]]

### Notes

GitHub Advanced security, we should be able to do scans as part of the scans as part of the development lifecycle
How does this align with the other scans that Shannon is doing? Is this a duplicative effort

Jira standardization and scaling conversations are happening

Jira helps id what state the work is in

Product Owner and Business discussion
There's a recognition of the gaps, budget and approvals are needed just 

The pain points are being felt

Definitely engage Kyle, Dan and Marianne more

The team will expand in the next 12, 18, 24 months

What is causing us to slow and where are the bottlenecks

Epics and Stories within Jira, connect with Tamara on


### Take Aways

- [x] Include Matt on the invite the Social Hour
- [ ] Check with Collision Core to see how they are using Rally and how that translates to Jira, Ashley Griffits
- [ ] Be sure to review the metrics, understand the goal
- [ ] What is our Definition of Ready, have this conversation with Ryan and Dan
- [ ] What is our current average and where should we be, be comfortable with data, work with Dan and Ryan
- [ ] Does the team need education on the different terms, share this 
- [ ] Learn the team members strengths what their skillsets are, what are pain points
  - [ ] Identify one day where he does training if need be, maybe pair up with a more senior developer
  - [ ] We need to help set them up for success