---
id: yGaUkZgB4ChoRS0FlxPqi
title: '21'
desc: ''
updated: 1645462769387
created: 1645453751565
---


[[meetings.stand-up.2022.02.18]]

- S65446
    - Tao finished this

- S67270
    - Owner: Tao
    - Asking Srini and Adam, how many tables do we need to update with Prodly? Asking Kate which objects?
    - What are the transfer numbers? Do they need to be in the lower envs? It will depend on the Cisco test env.
    
- S67169
    - Owner: Tao
    - There are no triggers?
    - Jose said they are not *currently* storing anyting on Brands at this time, but it is possible, it shouldn't be too difficult


- DE16612
    - Owner: Sarat
    - Salesforce wants to add a header(s)
    -
    
- Refinement

- S67494
    - Aubrey is the PO
    - Let's send Terry the card number and tag him in teams, Andy in region
    - Inform - Terry
        - Terry does NOT need to sign-off on AC's
        - Show him milestones
    - We may need to inform Andy

- Miscellaneous
    - Get Security Training completed

- S67168